README.md, before:

_Manage all of your APIs in Postman, with the industry's most complete API platform._

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%40getpostman-orange)](https://twitter.com/getpostman)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%40postman--platform-orange)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/postman-platform)
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%40postman-orange)](https://www.youtube.com/c/postman)
[![Twitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-%40getpostman-orange)](https://www.twitch.tv/getpostman)
[![Discourse](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discourse-%40postman-orange)](https://community.postman.com/)

### What is this repo for?

This repository is used by the Developer Relations team at Postman to track requests and progress on new content. 

- To create a content request, [open a new issue](https://github.com/postmanlabs/devrel-content/issues/new/choose)
- To see the current progress on requests, check the [project board](https://github.com/postmanlabs/devrel-content/projects/1)

### Content Types

| Type  | Description  | Destination(s)  |
|---|---|---|
| Video  | Pre-recorded video, usually walking through some product flows from short form (~2min) to long form (~15mins). Can be one of:<br/><ul><li>Exploratory</li><li>How To</li><li>Level Up</li><li>Other</li></ul>  | [Postman Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/postman/)  |
| Blog  |   | [Postman Blog](https://blog.postman.com/)<br/>[Better Practices](https://medium.com/better-practices)  |
| Collection  |   | [Postman Answers Workspace](https://www.postman.com/postman/workspace/postman-answers)  |
| Tutorial  |   |   |

### Product roadmap
Keep tabs on new and upcoming releases on [the product roadmap](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-app-support/projects/45?fullscreen=true). Track current issues and log new ones [on GitHub](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-app-support/issues). Also submit new feature requests [here](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-app-support/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AFeature).

### Documentation and tutorials
Head over to our [documentation](https://learning.postman.com/), visit our [blog](https://blog.postman.com), and check out our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/postman) for interesting tutorials, development stories, and platform updates.

Commit message:

Updates README with "Talk" content type

README.md, after:

_Manage all of your APIs in Postman, with the industry's most complete API platform._

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%40getpostman-orange)](https://twitter.com/getpostman)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%40postman--platform-orange)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/postman-platform)
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%40postman-orange)](https://www.youtube.com/c/postman)
[![Twitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-%40getpostman-orange)](https://www.twitch.tv/getpostman)
[![Discourse](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discourse-%40postman-orange)](https://community.postman.com/)

### What is this repo for?

This repository is used by the Developer Relations team at Postman to track requests and progress on new content. 

- To create a content request, [open a new issue](https://github.com/postmanlabs/devrel-content/issues/new/choose)
- To see the current progress on requests, check the [project board](https://github.com/postmanlabs/devrel-content/projects/1)

### Content Types

| Type  | Description  | Destination(s)  |
|---|---|---|
| Video  | Pre-recorded video, usually walking through some product flows from short form (~2min) to long form (~15mins). Can be one of:<br/><ul><li>Exploratory</li><li>How To</li><li>Level Up</li><li>Other</li></ul>  | [Postman Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/postman/)  |
| Blog  |   | [Postman Blog](https://blog.postman.com/)<br/>[Better Practices](https://medium.com/better-practices)  |
| Collection  |   | [Postman Answers Workspace](https://www.postman.com/postman/workspace/postman-answers)  |
| Tutorial  |   |   |
| Talk  | Any meetup or event that you're speaking at. Could be a workshop, Postman demo, lightning talk, etc  |   |

### Product roadmap
Keep tabs on new and upcoming releases on [the product roadmap](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-app-support/projects/45?fullscreen=true). Track current issues and log new ones [on GitHub](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-app-support/issues). Also submit new feature requests [here](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-app-support/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AFeature).

### Documentation and tutorials
Head over to our [documentation](https://learning.postman.com/), visit our [blog](https://blog.postman.com), and check out our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/postman) for interesting tutorials, development stories, and platform updates.
